---
_id_: '6128857989005132'
date: '2016-02-10 11:39:44'
tags:
- bodyfat
- metcon
- rodu
title: RODU
---

## Warmup

2 rounds of:

- 10 clamshell (hip openers)
- 10 wall squats (face the wall, hands overhead, work on mobility)
- 10 scap pullups
- 10 SLDLs per leg


## Plyos

3x cone jumps:

- land, stick, jump
- land, hop, jump
- land, jump


## Strength: 2x2min Stations

Rest 1 min between stations, 2 min between rounds.

### Station 1

Ascending AMRAP:

- Pullups
- Pushups

First round, {% w 5 rounds + 5 pullups %}. Second round, {% w 4 rounds + 4 attempted pullups %}.

### Station 2

Alternating Tabatas:

- Battle Ropes
- Med Ball Chest Pass

I used a {% w 10lb %} medball for the first round, {% w 6lb %} for the second.

### Station 3

AMRAP:

- 10 Bottoms-Up KB Press
- 5 Slamball Overhead Slams

I got {% w 1.5 rounds + 3 presses %} both times. Used a {% w 10lb %} DB and a {% w 8kg %} slamball.


## Flight Simulator

Jump rope: 5-10-15-...-45-50-45-...-10-5

After the set of 50 and each set of 25, 50m sled run (135lb total)

If you mess up any set of jump rope, you have to restart that set.

You can do the sets back-to-back, without stopping.

It took me roughly {% w 11 min %} to do the whole thing. I felt light-headed and a bit dizzy for about half an hour after the workout. We
got dinner at Chipotle, and I wasn't ready to eat until halfway through the meal.


## Body Measurements

Susan measured my body fat % using calipers. She measured my chest, abs and thigh. I was pretty sweaty, so it was kinda hard to pinch a good
chunk of my skin. She got me at {% w 9% body fat %}, which is lower than I expected but a pleasant surprise. She also said that my base
metabolic rate is around 2000 cal, and that I should eat around 3000 cal on a "moderate activity day" like today. On a tournament day, I
should probably eat more.
