---
_id_: '7880830317381294'
date: '2016-07-10 22:22:08'
tags:
- btbfts
- tournament
- ultimate
title: Ow My Knee 2016
---

Another glorious OMK is in the books. Highlights from the weekend:

- Darts and credit card roulette for spin-the-wheel on Friday = 4 hours of sleep
- First point of Saturday - we have 4 players there on time
- Pool(tub) of shame
- Gooch wears a $90 shark wrestling singlet
- Games got rained out around noon on Sat
- Circling the wagons, playing dice and drinking, car-swapping relay races
- Front seat must be naked
- Day drinking and pizza box at Mike's
- Dinner with Seth & Jennie
- Anti-thumper at Wolff's
- After-party at Liz's mom's house
- Tom Kirby's 15-year-old son Jack picks up with us for the day. He's pretty good for being 15.
- First game on sunday - opponents warm up for half an hour, we win 13-4
- Second game - we fall behind pretty hard, rally the troups, eke out a win
- I throw Dana a terrible floaty huck, do my penance by drinking a sip from the pool of shame
- Squirt-gun shootout with a 4-year-old
- Semis - game is very upwind/downwind, we can't catch a disc in the endzone to save our lives, lose 13-9
- Last point of semis: I catch a nice half-field throw from Brown, dish it, drop the next pass. Handler picks up, I handblock his hammer,
  cut to the endzone. Brown throws to my S-cut, it gets Ded, I lay out a million feet to catch it. Rush to stand up and throw the goal, get
  footblocked. About 30 seconds of my highest highs and lowest lows for the day.
- I threw and caught at least 1 Rochester each
- Post-tourney burgers at Jumping Jacks, grilling at Liz's mom's, home by 8pm

> Bears finish together
